“Making a meaningful impact on the environment around me is thefirst motivation
to further my studies in architecture. My dad’s view on his profession has always
been a great source of inspiration for me to define my vision for my own career. The
fact that he, a Purdue PhD in civil engineering and a structural designer, talks about
the buildings we pass by as if they are lively creatures that brag about their robust
design or sometimes complain about their weak foundations is very interesting to
me.
This lively interaction with things and spaces, while seemingly weird for an outsider,
has been a norm in our house. I remember when I was a kid, I did not miss an
opportunity to steal my mom’s scarfs and “Chador”’sto build my “new room” inside
my old room. A new room with new energy, new feelings and new dreams. My
plans today is an evolved version of my childhood dreams: creating new spaces that
in addition to be visually pleasing and culturally relevant, serve as a peaceful and
engaging environment for people to interact and socialize.”

I have worked with some of the most outstanding Architects in Iran for different
projects. In my first experience, I have cooperated in the design of the building corridors
in our university. Among all the proposals mydesign was chosen and executed.
In my second experience I started working in the Mehrazan company one of the
known consulting engineers in Iran as a 3D modeler where I worked for about one
year. I gained a lot of useful experience there and I had the honor of collaborating in
many prestigious architectural projects. After that I started to work with my father
who is the head of structural engineering division of PAIDAR STEEL STRUCTURE
ENGINEERING as a design developer. My contributions in his projects
included the design of frontage for several buildings and the design of a villa. In
addition, I was chosen by one of our professors to hold an exhibition with the topic
of finding imperfections of AzadiSquare which has one the mostmagnificenttowers
of Tehran. I worked with a team of top students and a professor which we identified
different imperfections in the monument and proposed potential solutions.

I am proud of the knowledge and experience I gained over the years by virtue of my
eagerness to participate in new activities and the dedication to work hard to achieve
my goals. I know I am well prepared to take the next steps on my path to continue
my studies in a top ranked graduate school. Furthermore, I believe that attending a
school of such magnitude will help me for a better future and will maximize my potential
for future endeavors. Although I’m aware of many obstacles and challenges
before me, I am confident that I will surmount them through my talent, hard work
and determination.
